hilt_aggregated_deps/id_co_foodrecipe_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.id_co_foodrecipe_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
id/co/foodrecipe/MyApplication_HiltComponents.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ApplicationC
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
id/co/foodrecipe/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideDaoFactory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideDaoFactory
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/id_co_foodrecipe_MyApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.id_co_foodrecipe_MyApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
id/co/foodrecipe/databinding/FavoriteRecipesRowLayoutBinding.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.databinding.FavoriteRecipesRowLayoutBinding
id/co/foodrecipe/MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
id/co/foodrecipe/databinding/FragmentRecipesBinding.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.databinding.FragmentRecipesBinding
id/co/foodrecipe/viewmodels/MainViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.viewmodels.MainViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
id/co/foodrecipe/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.DataBinderMapperImpl
 id.co.foodrecipe.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 id.co.foodrecipe.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
hilt_aggregated_deps/id_co_foodrecipe_viewmodels_RecipesViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.id_co_foodrecipe_viewmodels_RecipesViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
id/co/foodrecipe/data/LocalDataSource_Factory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.LocalDataSource_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/id_co_foodrecipe_di_DatabaseModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.id_co_foodrecipe_di_DatabaseModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/id_co_foodrecipe_viewmodels_MainViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.id_co_foodrecipe_viewmodels_MainViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
id/co/foodrecipe/ui/fragments/recipes/Hilt_RecipesFragment.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.ui.fragments.recipes.Hilt_RecipesFragment
id/co/foodrecipe/DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$1
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$Builder
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCBuilder
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCImpl
 id.co.foodrecipe.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$SwitchingProvider
id/co/foodrecipe/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
id/co/foodrecipe/di/NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/id_co_foodrecipe_ui_fragments_favorite_FavoriteRecipesFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.id_co_foodrecipe_ui_fragments_favorite_FavoriteRecipesFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
id/co/foodrecipe/ui/fragments/favorite/Hilt_FavoriteRecipesFragment.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.ui.fragments.favorite.Hilt_FavoriteRecipesFragment
id/co/foodrecipe/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
id/co/foodrecipe/data/database/RecipesDatabase_Impl.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDatabase_Impl
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDatabase_Impl$1
id/co/foodrecipe/BR.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.BR
id/co/foodrecipe/data/DataStoreRepository_Factory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.DataStoreRepository_Factory
id/co/foodrecipe/di/NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.di.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory
 id.co.foodrecipe.di.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/id_co_foodrecipe_ui_fragments_recipes_RecipesFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.id_co_foodrecipe_ui_fragments_recipes_RecipesFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
id/co/foodrecipe/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.DataBindingTriggerClass
id/co/foodrecipe/di/NetworkModule_ProvideConverterFactoryFactory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.di.NetworkModule_ProvideConverterFactoryFactory
 id.co.foodrecipe.di.NetworkModule_ProvideConverterFactoryFactory$InstanceHolder
id/co/foodrecipe/viewmodels/MainViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.viewmodels.MainViewModel_AssistedFactory
id/co/foodrecipe/data/RemoteDataSource_Factory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.RemoteDataSource_Factory
id/co/foodrecipe/ui/Hilt_DetailActivity.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.ui.Hilt_DetailActivity
id/co/foodrecipe/databinding/FragmentFavoriteRecipesBinding.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.databinding.FragmentFavoriteRecipesBinding
id/co/foodrecipe/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
id/co/foodrecipe/databinding/RecipesRowLayoutBinding.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.databinding.RecipesRowLayoutBinding
id/co/foodrecipe/databinding/FavoriteRecipesRowLayoutBindingImpl.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.databinding.FavoriteRecipesRowLayoutBindingImpl
id/co/foodrecipe/ui/fragments/favorite/FavoriteRecipesFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.ui.fragments.favorite.FavoriteRecipesFragment_GeneratedInjector
id/co/foodrecipe/viewmodels/RecipesViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.viewmodels.RecipesViewModel_AssistedFactory
id/co/foodrecipe/Hilt_MyApplication.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.Hilt_MyApplication
 id.co.foodrecipe.Hilt_MyApplication$1
id/co/foodrecipe/databinding/RecipesRowLayoutBindingImpl.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.databinding.RecipesRowLayoutBindingImpl
id/co/foodrecipe/databinding/FragmentRecipesBindingImpl.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.databinding.FragmentRecipesBindingImpl
id/co/foodrecipe/BuildConfig.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.BuildConfig
id/co/foodrecipe/data/Repository_Factory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.Repository_Factory
id/co/foodrecipe/viewmodels/RecipesViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.viewmodels.RecipesViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/id_co_foodrecipe_ui_DetailActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.id_co_foodrecipe_ui_DetailActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
id/co/foodrecipe/ui/DetailActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.ui.DetailActivity_GeneratedInjector
id/co/foodrecipe/data/database/RecipesDao_Impl.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$1
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$10
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$2
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$3
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$4
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$5
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$6
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$7
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$8
 id.co.foodrecipe.data.database.RecipesDao_Impl$9
hilt_aggregated_deps/id_co_foodrecipe_di_NetworkModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.id_co_foodrecipe_di_NetworkModuleModuleDeps
id/co/foodrecipe/viewmodels/MainViewModel_HiltModule.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.viewmodels.MainViewModel_HiltModule
id/co/foodrecipe/viewmodels/RecipesViewModel_HiltModule.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.viewmodels.RecipesViewModel_HiltModule
id/co/foodrecipe/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitInstanceFactory.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitInstanceFactory
id/co/foodrecipe/ui/fragments/recipes/RecipesFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.ui.fragments.recipes.RecipesFragment_GeneratedInjector
id/co/foodrecipe/databinding/FragmentFavoriteRecipesBindingImpl.java
 id.co.foodrecipe.databinding.FragmentFavoriteRecipesBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
